wait which places he want to go for I
have no clue I don't use running off of
Narnia there is a safe zone this way is
he gonna run into that tree nah the
legend lives on we're just following
somebody's not even there is Luke here
but this one has o our trailers leader
is going to the water Oh No fearless
leader please lead us lose n square
backstroke lose me okay oh ok thanks
Pete look at intersect what if I dude
yo yo yo what are you fucking fuck dude
guys night here with me we were here
when you were running across mine and
then you're gonna just decided to go for
it baby fuckin serious which way your we
go here we go to the safe zone that's on
the left yeah yeah now we're going there
I was going the right way fucker solving
fucking so women hours in Giardia
military gear oh alright Baboosh have a
good night man look at you can do a back
show oh yeah so fucking stupid guys
where are you guys guys help me I don't
know I'm going oh look I'll do it hold
shift oh no it doesn't work I got dammit
yeah dude just imagine like looking down
a scope and you just see this guy's I'm
over here good you oh yeah you gotta you
gotta do damn look at me look at me
I was fucking tears Oh BAM one okay
don't do anything you just like King
abducted oh my god dude Oh fucking into
yours haha oh fuck dude that's too much
for me to handle him did you see that
like it oh my god I dude oh dude I have
to upload that to youtube there's no way
oh fuck you I've never laughed so hard
in my life oh oh my stomach hurts holy
shit oh man that was so funny
oh I couldn't sooner you never lasso
heart of my wife dude oh hell I do one
more time please fuck you do the
bayberry just put the hands up fucking
shit oh that's so funny oh my god I made
my heart that made my wife oh I pretty
sure I just added like 10 years onto my
life dude oh yeah oh man okay oh that's
so funny